fix: update readme.md and wizard (#171)
waku-org/nwaku-compose: README.md

> Ready‑to‑use **docker‑compose** stack for running your own [nwaku](https://github.com/waku-org/nwaku) node:

Reviewer: TBH the `docker compose` vs `docker-compose` dichotomy has been confusing for me. AFAIK `docker compose` is the officially preferred thing - shall we clarify it here?

Reviewer 2: > TBH the docker compose vs docker-compose dichotomy has been confusing for me. AFAIK docker compose is the officially preferred thing - shall we clarify it here?

This is dependent on your system and on docker compose. I would not try to solve docker compose breaking changes here.

Debian and some ubuntu LTS still use `docker-compose`. I think it's fine to expect our users to sort this one out for now. We are not in a phase where we want to hold our user hands for running nodes (yet).

> * nwaku node with relay and store protocols enabled by default. Adding an RLN membership key unlocks message publishing functionality.

Reviewer: Clarify here what Relay and Store protocols allow you do to?

Reviewer: Let me clarify: the second sentence in this paragraph mentiones what RLN membership _does_ (enables publishing). I think it's worth noting what Relay and Store protocols _are_ as well (not just whether they are enabled by default). For a novice (who presumably is the target audience of a README), it may not be obvious.

Author: Since we’re simplifying the README, we won’t mention anything for now.

* Grafana dashboard for metrics
* Requires **Docker** and **Git**

### 📝 Prerequisites

* **Linea Sepolia RPC endpoint** — grab one for free on [Infura](https://www.infura.io)

> * **(Optional)** Linea Sepolia wallet with at least **0.01 ETH** — required only if you want to register an RLN membership key in order to publish messages.

Reviewer: Does `0.01 ETH` number hold after transition to Linea Sepolia? E.g. [this](https://sepolia.lineascan.build/tx/0x5b26e566eb9897434f18977a653d1a50d8547832ab5263e1e21a2d847eb8f31c) registration transaction has a fee of ~`0.00007` ETH (100+x lower than `0.01` ETH).

Author: Good point — we definitely think about minimum requirement. or either we just ignore to mention minimum eth requirement.

Reviewer 3: I'd remove the pre-requisites section because now we are willing node operators to just run a node without RLN registration

>   * Need test ETH? Use the [Linea Sepolia faucet](https://www.infura.io/faucet/sepolia)  

Reviewer: The faucet link is for Ethereum Sepolia not Linea Sepolia? We could link to https://docs.linea.build/get-started/how-to/get-testnet-eth

Author: Noted

  * Already have ETH on Sepolia? Bridge it to Linea via the [official bridge](https://bridge.linea.build/native-bridge)

<details>

> <summary><strong>🔐 (Optional) Register an RLN membership key</strong></summary>

Reviewer 3: Maybe :) ?
```suggestion
<summary><strong>🔐 (Optional for publishers) Register an RLN membership key</strong></summary>
```

If you want your node to **publish** messages (not just relay/store), first register an RLN membership key on-chain:

> **You will need one _TST_ token (Waku test token) to pay the registration fee.**
> Ask for a TST token in the Waku Discord **[#lobby](https://discord.com/channels/1110799176264056863/1110799176796745771)** channel before running the script.

Prepare your environment file with RLN variables:
```

> cp .env.example.rln .env   # then open .env and fill in the required details

Reviewer: What about `.env.example`? If we have some env vars in `.env.example` and others in `.env.example.rln`, then we'd need something like `cat .env.example .env.example.rln > .env`, right?

> cp .env.example.rln .env   # then open .env and fill in the required details

Reviewer 3: We recently renamed that file to `.env.example.publisher`

```

Run the registration script:
```
./register_rln.sh 
```
</details>

### 🚀 Starting your node

| #     | Option               | Quick-start command           | What happens                                                                | 
|-------|----------------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **A** | **script**           | Power user / CI               | setup a .env file manually and then start the node.                         |

> | **B** | **setup-wizard**     | Fastest one-command bootstrap | Generates `.env`, can register RLN (optional), and spins up the whole stack automatically |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| **B** | **setup-wizard**     | Fastest one-command bootstrap | Generates `.env`, can register RLN (for publishers only), and spins up the whole stack automatically |
```
